---
layout: post
title: ''

---

Early last week I got a call from Revis, my brother-in-law, asking if I wanted to hit the river this weekend and do some kayaking. “Sure,” I thought, “what’s the harm in that.”

Seth’s fact o’ the day: There is jack diddly squat on the Red River between <a href="http://web.archive.org/web/20080213041853/http://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;om=1&amp;z=15&amp;ll=32.892561,-93.819637&amp;spn=0.024576,0.0315">Plain Dealing</a> and <a href="http://web.archive.org/web/20080213041853/http://maps.google.com/maps?ie=UTF8&amp;z=14&amp;ll=32.61111,-93.752003&amp;spn=0.049091,0.068407&amp;om=1">Cash Point Landing</a>. Nothing. nada. I think I heard a cow once, but that’s about it. Or maybe I was delirious by then. Wait wait wait, I <em>do</em> remember one thing being quite plentiful between those two points: miles. Lots and lots of ‘em. Something like 35 of them according to the GPS.

It’s been at least a few years since I’ve done any kayaking/canoeing or, well, anything even remotely active, for that matter. My body is reminding me of that right now.

As I’ve said multiple times since the weekend: I think if it had been about 30 miles, I would’ve been peachy keen. Thirty-five, though, put me through the ringer. Those last few were Satan’s territory.
All in all, though, I highly recommend kayaking the Red River. Maybe not that particular section, but somewhere. I had a terrible opinion of the Red having green slime flowing through it w/ three-eyed fish swimming in it, but it was surprisingly nice on the northern end. It could definitely use some rain, though. Too many shallow points. I think I was more familiar with the handle on the front of my kayak than the inside of it.
